# Personal_Portfolio

This repo is for the express purpose of me creating a React based project which will ultimately display a variety of skill sets such as both front end and back end capabilities along with working with API and also 3D tools. I ultimately intend to create 3 examples of work I've done in the past in a single spot.

These 3 examples will be as follows in order of priority:
- A tool that allows people to review models hosted on Sketchfab. This includes features such as scanning the model and identifying key objects with a specific substring in their name in order to create buttons that allow them to hide/show particular parts and a comment system for providing feedback. This comment system will have different roles. Clients will be able to create comments and flag if their comment is closed or not after seeing changes that satisfy them plus adding additional comments for clarification as necessary. A role of Admin which will be able to edit and delete comments, Clients can not edit their own comments because if they did while someone was making changes based on a previous way it was written it creates potential scope creep for the artist but an Admin will be able to make adjustments if requested and reasonable. Then there will be a role that will likely be referred to something such as Employee, these are company employees who will be able to reply to client comments with updates to report changes and such.
- A Unity WebGL project which will demonstrate my knowledge and experience with Unity and hosting it in WebGL. I intend for this to serve a very similar role as the previous tool that ties in to Sketchfab except it will have Unity based system. While Unity is often a full self contained system I will be designing this in a way where user interactions with the 3D environment such as clicking on an object will be able to inform the browser and update data displayed and also will make it so the browser has the ability to send messages in to Unity as well. I've done this previously and it felt like a challenge to tie the two together and would like to demonstrate the ability again.
- A ThreeJS project which will again serve a similar purpose as the Sketchfab and Unity in which it can be used for a tool to review 3D models but it will be running off GLTFs. This final version is just another option of how these can all be done.

What I'd like to learn while doing this is performance considerations. One challenge I've experienced in the past is ensuring that Unity and ThreeJS both are run well on a variety of lower end machines, particularly when going through a variety of firewalls and vpns, which this happened due to most of my previous projects being used by government agencies. I'd also like this chance to work on improving my backend some. While previously I have done a comment tool like this in PHP and I had proper pagination for comments and I did not when I did a similar project in React due to the # of comments being so low at any given point that pagination wasn't a concern but it should always be considered.
